Did you forget about the agreement?
We agreed to killing all the spies
He said they had agreed to killing us all.
They made a deal with the South
and agreed to killing their own agents.
Then what? Guaranteeing our safe return?
We failed our mission,
so we should've blown ourselves up anyway.
Mission?
Who was the mission for?
What was it for?
Comrade Joo.
They ordered us to take down the Southern
government to achieve the revolution,
then abandoned us
for that very government to regain power.
The liberation of our country.
The people's democratic revolution.
Have you forgotten?
I'm sure it's for money,
not for the revolution.
For money, they sold their agents' lives
who have been loyal to the country
to the South.
That is…
what I can't forgive.
It's understandable
that you think that way
and feel betrayed.
But our families in the North…
Our families who are praying
that we accomplish our mission and
come back soon… If you think about them,
you shouldn't be doing this.
Think about your sister Su-hui.
This is the necklace I cherish the most.
But I'm giving it to you.
You…
must come back to the North.
Comrade Joo and I
won't tell the party
about the mistake you made today.
Right, Comrade Joo?
I'll do as you say, Comrade Kang.
So untie me now.
Let's find a way
to save our families
as well as our agents.
Will there really be
any way for us
to save our agents together?
Check for yourself.
Go ahead and check
if the party still wants you…
to save and send me back alive.
There are tangerines.
There are tangerines, Ms. Pi.
Tangerines.
Let's have some first.
Let's bring the kids some too later.
Yeong-ro!
Bun-ok.